== YELP_20111013_1_1_1
* [naveed] 
	- updated Rakefile (removed hoe; added echoe for building)
	- Renamed 'yelp.rb' to 'yelpster.rb'
	- Renamed 'yelp' folder to 'yelpster'
	- Updated references to files in lib
	- test/yelp_helper.rb
		> modified validate_json_response function regex to ^\{\"message\":\{\"text\":\"OK\",\"code\":0,\"version\":\"1\.1\.1\"\},\"(businesses|neighborhoods)\":.*?\}$

== YELP_20110823_1_1_0

* [naveed] New files added:
	- Folders v1 and v2 added for different versions
 	- Moved all files except lib/client.rb, lib/record.rb, lib/response_format.rb to folder v1
 	- v2 files and folders (+):
 		+ business
			+ request
				id.rb
		+ search
			+ request
				base.rb
				bounding_box.rb
				geo_point.rb
				location.rb
		request.rb	

* [naveed] Modifications in existing files:
 	- lib/yelp.rb
		> modified links to yelp v1 files
		> added links to yelp v2 files
		> updated version number of gem from 1.0.0 to 1.1.0
 	- lib/yelp/clinet.rb
		> removed links to open-uri and zlib libraries (line 3 & 7)
		> replaced line 68: source = open(url, http_params) with content = request.pull_results(url, http_params)
		> removed line 71: moved to appropriate request.rb of api version
		> wrapped lines 92-101 in an unless block to prevent execution when params == nil
 	- Placed all files in v1 folder inside 'module V1'
 	- Updated super class references to reflect module addition
 	- lib/yelp/request.rb
		> added link to open-uri and zlib
		> added function pull_results (line 49-52) that is called from client.rb to get search results
		> moved case bodies to next line (37 & 38) and removed colons

* [naveed] New file contents:
 	- lib/yelp/v2/request.rb (essentially same as v1/request.rb with support for oauth instead of open_uri )
		> :yws_id replaced with :consumer_key, :consumer_secret, :token and :token_secret
		> added function pull_results (line 49-52) that is called from client.rb to get search results using OAuth
	- lib/yelp/v2/business/request/id.rb
		> class using yelp's business id to retrieve business details
 	- lib/yelp/v2/search/request/base.rb
		> class specifying general and local params to search for business
 	- lib/yelp/v2/search/request/bounding_box.rb
		> class specifying geographical bounding box to search for businesses in
 	- lib/yelp/v2/search/request/geo_point.rb
		> class specifying geographical coordinate to search for businesses in
 	- lib/yelp/v2/search/request/location.rb
		> class specifying address to search for business

* [naveed] changes to existing tests
 	- test/yelp_helper.rb
		> added constants for version numbers for running tests
		> modified create_client function to check for different keys for different api versions
		> modified validate_json_to_ruby_response function to handle different api versions
		> commented out YELP_BIZ_ID_LENGTH = 22
		> modified assert business['id'] == YELP_BIZ_ID_LENGTH to check for length > 0
 	- test/test_neighborhood.rb
		> updated calls to api functions
 	- test/test_phone_search.rb
		> updated calls to api functions
 	- test/test_review_search.rb
		> updated calls to api functions

* [naveed] new V2 Test Files
 	- test/test_business_retrieval.rb
 	- test/test_business_search.rb

== YELP_20091019_1_0_0

* [shaper] allow specifying multiple categories for review search by
  passing an array of the category names in the request.

* [shaper] fix tests to gracefully alert user if YWSID is not set in
  their environment.

* [shaper] updated README to reflect the latest reality.

* [shaper] updated Rakefile to reflect latest hoe usage.

* [shaper] fixed test neighborhood search to reflect add'l info passed
  along in yelp response.

* [shaper] fixed test json validation to reflect new version of 1.1.1.

* [shaper] fixed neighborhood test to suit new www.yelp.com return
  url.

== 0.2.1 / 2007-11-24

* [shaper] fixed extra dependencies specified in Rakefile to allow for proper
  gem installation.

== 0.2.0 / 2007-11-24

* [shaper] fixed validation of neighborhood yelp search url to reflect
  yelp-side url fix removing '/' from immediately following '?'.

* [shaper] fixed json result validation to accept new format v1.1 specifier.

* [shaper] Incorporated category result narrowing for business review search,
  thanks to Jerry Cheung for patch.

* Updated neighborhood tests to reflect additional information in the yelp
  response.

== 0.1.1 / 2007-08-06

* Moved to Rubyforge now that the yelp project exists.

* Fixed Yelp::Request documentation to note the correct default response
  format as Yelp::ResponseFormat::JSON_TO_RUBY.

== 0.1.0 / 2007-08-05

* Initial release.
